WARNING LETTER Almon Healthcare Private Limited MARCS-CMS 729291 — July 13, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Email Return Receipt Requested Reference #: 320-26-102 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Rajesh Gandhi Recipient Title Chairman Almon Healthcare Private Limited Plot No 4, Sankalp Industrial Estate, Behind Kerala GIDC, Bavala Ahmedabad 382240 Gujarat India Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-102 July 13, 2026 Dear Mr. Gandhi: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Almon Healthcare Private Limited, FEI 3030509366, at Plot No 4, Sankalp Industrial Estate, Behind Kerala GIDC, Bavala, Ahmedabad, from February 9 to 13, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant deviations from Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your APIs are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your March 6, 2026, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigator observed specific deviations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Failure of your quality unit to exercise its responsibility to ensure the API and intermediates manufactured at your facility are in compliance with CGMP. Your quality unit (QU) failed to perform identity testing on incoming raw materials used in the manufacture of APIs (b)(4) , which are intended for use in pharmacy compounding. Specifically, your firm intentionally accepted lots of (b)(4) that were deliberately mislabeled by your supplier as (b)(4) . During the inspection, your QU admitted that this was a deliberate and ongoing practice since 2024 to circumvent your firm’s lack of a required (b)(4) license. You subsequently used this mislabeled and untested material to manufacture multiple batches of (b)(4) that you ultimately shipped to the United States. Furthermore, your QU relied on your supplier’s certificate of analysis without conducting supplier qualification as your standard operating procedure requires. In your response, you acknowledge the mislabeling practice, state you have since obtained the required (b)(4) license, and commit to performing identity testing of all future lots of (b)(4) . You also state that a retrospective reevaluation of residual solvent chromatographic data confirms that peaks previously observed in the affected (b)(4) batches are attributable to (b)(4) . Your response is inadequate. Your analytical conclusions are unsubstantiated because your response does not provide the supporting chromatograms or results from your identity tests. Furthermore, you do not provide a risk assessment for batches already distributed to the United States. Your response also does not address the systemic quality failure that allowed your firm to knowingly accept and recode mislabeled materials without performing identity testing. Finally, you fail to propose any substantive corrective actions to remediate your supplier qualification program to prevent a recurrence of this critical failure. Without adequate testing, you do not have scientific evidence that incoming materials conform to appropriate specifications prior to use in the manufacture of your drugs. As a manufacturer, you have a responsibility to sample, test, and examine incoming materials before use in production to assure adequate quality. Executive management should immediately and comprehensively assess your company’s global manufacturing operations to ensure that your systems, processes, and products conform to FDA requirements. Your practice of receiving (b)(4) mislabeled as (b)(4) poses a significant safety risk to personnel who may handle the material without knowing its true identity. Due to lack of awareness, workers may fail to take the precautions necessary to prevent exposure. (b)(4) is acutely toxic to humans and has caused fatal poisoning incidents worldwide. Furthermore, an adequate QU overseeing all elements of CGMP is necessary to consistently ensure drug quality. FDA considers the expectations outlined in ICH Q7 when determining whether API are manufactured in conformance with CGMP, including the sections on quality oversight. See FDA’s guidance document Q7 Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients for guidance regarding CGMP for the manufacture of API at https://www.fda.gov/media/71518/download. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive assessment and remediation plan to ensure your QU is given the authority and resources to effectively function. The assessment should also include, but not be limited to: o A determination of whether procedures used by your firm are robust and appropriate o Provisions for QU oversight throughout your operations to evaluate adherence to appropriate practices o A complete and final review of each batch and its related information before the QU disposition decision o Oversight and approval of investigations and discharging of all other QU duties to ensure identity, strength, quality, and purity of all products o Also describe how top management supports quality assurance and reliable operations including, but not limited to timely provision of resources to proactively address emerging manufacturing/quality issues and to assure a continuing state of control. 2. Failure to ensure that all test procedures are scientifically sound and appropriate to ensure that your intermediate and API conform to established standards of quality and purity. Your firm failed to validate or adequately verify multiple test methods used for testing key starting materials and finished APIs. Specifically, you did not validate the in-house analytical methods, including the stability-indicating methods, used to support the (b)(4) retest dates for your products shipped to the United States. Furthermore, your firm failed to adequately implement and verify an analytical method transferred from your contract testing laboratory CTL) used for routine testing and stability studies of (b)(4) . Your implemented method was unable to detect multiple unknown impurities that your CTL’s validated method identified. In your response, you commit to executing forced degradation studies to demonstrate your methods are stability-indicating and to reassessing the validity of the assigned (b)(4) retest dates for the APIs shipped to the United States. You also commit to executing validation and verification protocols for compendial and in-house methods. You attribute the discrepancy in impurity detection in (b)(4) to an incorrectly set processing threshold and provide reprocessed data to suggest your results are now comparable. Your response is inadequate because it fails to comprehensively assess your laboratory systems to ensure that all test methods are appropriately validated or verified. You have not established any interim controls for ongoing production while you conduct your retrospective review of batches tested with unvalidated methods. Additionally, while you attempt to explain the threshold differences between the CTL and the in-house verification study for (b)(4) , you fail to address whether the methods are truly equivalent. Without an appropriate laboratory and stability-indicating methods, you lack adequate scientific evidence to support whether your drug products meet established specifications and retain their quality attributes through their labeled expiry. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive independent assessment of your laboratory practices, procedures, methods, equipment, documentation, and analyst competencies. Based on this review, provide a detailed plan to remediate and evaluate the effectiveness of your laboratory system. A list of validated/verified chemical specifications, including test methods, used to analyze each batch of your drug products before a lot disposition decision. o An action plan and timelines for conducting full chemical testing of retain samples to determine the quality of all batches of drug product distributed to the United States that are within expiry as of the date of this letter. o A summary of all results obtained from testing retain samples from each batch. If such testing reveals substandard quality drug products, take rapid corrective actions, such as notifying customers and product recalls. A comprehensive assessment and corrective action and preventive action plan to ensure the adequacy of your stability program. Your remediated program should include, but not be limited to: o Stability-indicating methods o Stability studies for each drug product in its marketed container-closure system before distribution is permitted o An ongoing program in which representative batches of each product are added each year to the program to determine the shelf-life claim remains valid o Detailed definition of the specific attributes to be tested at each station (timepoint) o All procedures that describe these and other elements of your remediated stability program Confirm the retest dates for (b)(4) using the revalidated stability-indicating method. This reassessment should ensure that all previously assigned retest dates are accurate. 3. Failure to clean equipment to prevent contamination or carry-over of a material that would alter the quality of the intermediates and API beyond the official or other established specifications. Your firm failed to adequately clean and maintain non-dedicated API manufacturing equipment used to manufacture as many as (b)(4) different APIs. For example, our investigator observed (b)(4) and (b)(4) particles on product contact sur