WARNING LETTER Dabur India Limited MARCS-CMS 728828 — July 24, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Electronic Mail - Return Receipt Requested Reference #: 320-26-105 Product: Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Mohit Malhotra Recipient Title Chief Executive Officer Dabur India Limited Dabur Corporate Office, Kaushambi Sahibabad Ghaziabad 201010 India Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-105 July 24, 2026 Dear Mr. Malhotra: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Dabur India Limited, FEI 3001413302, at Survey No. 225/4/1, Village: Saily, Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, from January 12 to 16, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your February 4, 2026 response to our Form FDA 483 in detail. During our inspection, our investigator observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to establish an adequate quality control unit with the responsibility and authority to approve or reject all components, drug product containers, closures, in-process materials, packaging materials, labeling, and drug products and the authority to review production records to assure that no errors have occurred or, if errors have occurred, that they have been fully investigated (21 CFR 211.22(a)). Your firm manufactures over-the-counter drug products including (b)(4) and (b)(4) . Your quality unit (QU) failed to exercise its authority and responsibilities over your drug manufacturing operations, including ensuring the integrity of your production records. During the inspection, our investigator requested the equipment usage logbook for Unit (b)(4) , Line (b)(4) , which your management stated was dedicated exclusively to (b)(4) manufacturing. Your firm delayed providing this record for several days. When your firm finally produced the logbook, it appeared to have been newly created. Subsequently, our investigator discovered the original logbook in the document room. A comparison of the two logbooks revealed that the version provided to our investigator was falsified. The fraudulent logbook listed entries only for (b)(4) . It deliberately omitted multiple U.S. marketed OTC drug products that were documented in the original logbook, including (b)(4) . Furthermore, our investigator identified multiple discrepancies between the source data in your analytical data books and the final values reported in your batch manufacturing records or certificates of analysis. For multiple batches of (b)(4) and (b)(4) , the reported values for quality attributes such as residue on ignition, melting range, pH, and viscosity did not match the original data. While these inaccuracies did not involve out-of-specification results, your QU signed off on these records without ensuring the consistency and accuracy of the data. In your response, you acknowledge these deficiencies, attributing the falsified logbook to “inadequate documentation controls, insufficient oversight, and lack of robust governance.” You attributed other data inaccuracies to your transcription practices and inadequate resources within your QU for proper review. You state that you trained personnel on data integrity and committed to revising procedures and reviewing only the (b)(4) of data for similar transcription errors. You also commit to sending “ (b)(4) samples of impacted drug product including (b)(4) ” to a contract testing laboratory. Your response is inadequate because it fails to address the severity of the observed data integrity failures. Your proposed corrective actions address the data integrity breaches as isolated procedural gaps rather than as evidence of a systemic breakdown in QU oversight and a deficient quality culture. Your response does not address the fundamental failure of your QU to ensure the integrity and completeness of all data related to your drug manufacturing operations, nor does it include an adequate assessment of the potential impact on the quality of drug products already distributed to the U.S. market. Furthermore, your response lacks a sufficient comprehensive evaluation of your QU’s capabilities to fulfill all required quality-related functions. Your firm’s quality systems are inadequate. See FDA’s guidance document Quality Systems Approach to Pharmaceutical CGMP Regulations for help implementing quality systems and risk management approaches to meet the requirements of CGMP regulations 21 CFR, parts 210 and 211 at https://www.fda.gov/media/71023/download. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive assessment of documentation systems used throughout your manufacturing and laboratory operations to determine where documentation practices are insufficient. Include a detailed corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) plan that comprehensively remediates your firm’s documentation practices to ensure you retain attributable, legible, complete, original, accurate, contemporaneous records throughout your operation. A comprehensive assessment and remediation plan to ensure your QU is given the authority and resources to effectively function. The assessment should also include, but not be limited to: o A determination of whether procedures used by your firm are robust and appropriate o Provisions for QU oversight throughout your operations to evaluate adherence to appropriate practices o A complete and final review of each batch and its related information before the QU disposition decision o Oversight and approval of investigations and discharging of all other QU duties to ensure identity, strength, quality, and purity of all products. 2. Your firm failed to ensure that laboratory records included complete data derived from all tests necessary to ensure compliance with established specifications and standards (21 CFR 211.194(a)). Your laboratory records did not include complete data to support the analyses performed. For example, your analytical notebooks documented approximately (b)(4) microbiology plates for finished drug products and approximately (b)(4) media plates for testing (b)(4) samples as incubated, but the plates were physically absent from incubators with no documented explanation about their whereabouts or disposal. In addition, during the inspection you could not produce the test procedures, analytical workbooks, or test data sheets to support the reported certificate of analysis results for approximately (b)(4) batches of U.S. marketed drug products. You also failed to make the required entries in your equipment logbooks to reflect the use of multiple instruments for the specific batch release tests performed. In your response, you indicate that a microbiologist inadvertently discarded the missing microbiological plates due to lack of training. You state that you retrained the microbiologist, re-analyzed the missing finished drug product plates, and introduced a new controlled logbook to improve sample traceability. Regarding the batches released without supporting analytical records, you commit to sending samples for several of the batches to a contract laboratory for retrospective testing and to implementing formal test data sheets for future data recording. Further, you state that you have retrained the personnel responsible for failing to document instrument usage and that you will discontinue the use of separate equipment usage logbooks once the new data sheets are implemented. Your response is inadequate because it does not adequately address major deficiencies in your laboratory system. Your response does not address your oversight of data integrity including, but not limited to, improving your quality assurance function. Your response does not provide a comprehensive retrospective risk assessment or complete testing of all potentially impacted drug products within expiry and fails to adequately assess and mitigate the risk to consumers. Reliability of data is fundamentally compromised when there is a failure to record data or to maintain complete and accurate records of test results. Furthermore, the lack of reliable data compromises the ability of your QU to exercise its function of ensuring compliance to applicable standards. Your quality system does not adequately ensure the accuracy and integrity of data to support the safety, effectiveness, and quality of the drugs you manufacture. See FDA’s guidance document Data Integrity and Compliance With Drug CGMP: Questions and Answers for guidance on establishing and following CGMP compliant data integrity practices at https://www.fda.gov/media/119267/download. We strongly recommend that you retain an independent third-party qualified consultant to assist in your remediation. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive investigation into the extent of the inaccuracies in data records and reporting. Your investigation should include: o A detailed investigation protocol and methodology; a summary of all laboratories, manufacturing operations, and systems to be covered by the assessment; and a justification for any part of your operation that you propose to exclude. o Interviews of current and former employees to identify the nature, scope, and root cause of data inaccuracies. We recommend that these interviews be conducted by a qualified third party. o An assessment of the extent of data integrity deficiencies at your