WARNING LETTER Excelvision - Fareva MARCS-CMS 726714 — June 25, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Email Return Receipt Requested Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Bernard Fraisse Recipient Title CEO Excelvision - Fareva 1041 Chemin de la Digue du Rhône 07300 Tournon-sur-Rhône France BFraisse@fareva.com Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-98 June 25, 2026 Dear Mr. Fraisse: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Excelvision, FEI 3007058211, at 27 Rue de la Lombardiere, Annonay, from January 12 to 22, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your February 12, 2026, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to thoroughly investigate any unexplained discrepancy or failure of a batch or any of its components to meet any of its specifications, whether or not the batch has already been distributed (21 CFR 211.192). You failed to adequately investigate customer complaints for the various sterile (b)(4) drug products (prescription and over-the-counter) you manufacture. Your investigations were not thorough, did not appropriately expand in scope, and lacked a scientifically supported determination of root causes. You also failed to identify and implement adequate and timely corrective actions and preventive actions (CAPAs). Your product is intended to maintain sterility of its contents after (b)(4) by the consumer. However, since our previous inspection in November 2024, your firm has received a substantial number of complaints related to the presence of contamination. Visible evidence of contamination included mold, black specks, and discoloration on the tips and inner caps of containers for your (b)(4) drug product, (b)(4) . Several complaint samples subsequently failed sterility testing. Notably, nine such non-sterility events have occurred in the last three years. You failed to adequately determine which hazards in your manufacturing operation and container-closure systems led to these critical, repeated incidents of contamination in your (b)(4) drug products. Specifically, you failed to adequately investigate potential container-closure integrity defects that would allow ingress of microbial contamination, which your product is intended to strictly preclude. You also failed to adequately assess potential sources of contamination from the manufacturing process as you neglected to evaluate relevant environmental and personnel monitoring (EM/PM) data. For example, the microorganism recovered from the failed complaint sample sterility test involving (b)(4) batch (b)(4) was identified as Alternaria alternata . This was the same microorganism recovered in EM/PM samples collected both before and after this batch was manufactured, including in the room where this batch was filled. Your complaint investigation report did not include this critical information. Similarly, your firm also failed to adequately investigate numerous contamination complaints related to your (b)(4) products. Instead of conducting a thorough, scientifically supported, and evidence-based root cause analysis, your firm attributed most of the root causes to inadequate handling by customers who used your products and concluded that no further action was necessary. If contaminated, (b)(4) drug products pose a heightened risk of harm because (b)(4) . Microbes introduced directly into (b)(4) can pose a serious risk to consumers. Irreversible damage including (b)(4) can occur, and in some cases, may progress to life-threatening systemic infection. In addition, some components in your (b)(4) drugs, such as (b)(4) , could serve as a nutrition source for contaminating microorganisms and promote their growth. In your response, you state that you will revise the complaint procedure to include a comparison of the microorganisms recovered from complaint samples with those found during environmental monitoring and to describe how to proceed when a complaint sample fails sterility testing. You also acknowledge that the absence of a (b)(4) in a formulation should be factored into your risk analysis when evaluating complaints. You also state that two of the aseptic processing lines will not be used to manufacture additional drug products for the U.S. market and they will be replaced with new processing lines. Your response is inadequate. It provides no evidence to support the investigation conclusions of inadequate handling by customers. It also provides no explanation for how microorganisms contaminated these drug products if they were sterile when released. We are also very concerned about the suitability of your container-closure system and whether you can effectively assure that every unit released will function as intended throughout its labeled usage period. Finally, although your FDA 483 response includes a letter you sent to the product owner listing specific batches that must be evaluated for recall due to complaint samples with sterility failures, the letter included no decision to recall these batches. It is essential that these unpreserved formulations and associated presentations afford robust protection in each unit produced in order to prevent potential consumer harm resulting from contamination during use of your (b)(4) products. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive, independent assessment of your overall system for investigating deviations, discrepancies, complaints, out-of-specification (OOS) results, and failures. Provide a detailed action plan to remediate this system. Your action plan should include, but not be limited to, significant improvements in investigation competencies, scope determination, root cause evaluation, CAPA effectiveness, quality oversight, and written procedures. Address how your firm will ensure all phases of investigations are appropriately conducted. An independent, retrospective review of investigations into all batches with potential microbial contamination or an OOS microbiological result (whether or not later invalidated). The investigations should be updated, wherever necessary, to detail your findings regarding the potential root causes of the contamination. An assessment of microbial hazard and patient risk associated with a unit that becomes contaminated in use. Provide your studies on the growth properties (microbial challenge studies) of each formulation in the event of in-use contamination, based on the maximum number of days of permitted use. In addition, in the event the formulation is deemed suitable following these studies, state whether your firm plans to reduce allowable use periods to no longer than 30 days. A comprehensive, independent evaluation of the suitability of the container-closure systems used for your (b)(4) drug products that are intended to continuously protect against ingress of microbial contamination throughout the period of use. At minimum, provide an evaluation of the following: o Product design considerations  A general description of each possible failure mode that could potentially permit ingress of microbial contamination over its used period  Detailed description of all influential variables, on their own or in combination, that may lead to lost integrity (irrespective of whether it may be transient) at any time at point of manufacture, or during consumer use. Regarding the latter, address potential vulnerability to (b)(4) and durability issues. Influential variables should include but not be limited to: • internal pressure changes; • list of all possible out-of-tolerance characteristics or defects for each container-closure component; • each potential mechanical failure mode of (b)(4) , etc.); • possible assembly errors; • potential for a defective (b)(4) , or microbial growth in the (b)(4) ; • events leading to leaks or punctures; • all other potential variables.  Compatibility of the product design with the specific container-closure system(s) (e.g., integrity, functionality). o Container-closure system capability and suitability of incoming lots  Detailed container-closure system design and performance specifications that you require of the manufacturer (supplier) who performs the primary container-closure production steps prior to the final filling/closing process performed at your facility.  Summary of all studies done by your firm to evaluate whether the container-closure system design (and its related performance specifications) is appropriate to maintain the sterility of all marketed units throughout their use period.  For each lot received from your supplier for the last three years, provide the numbers and types of defects obtained during manufacture of the container-closure system, as well as theoretical and actual yields.  Whether any incoming container-closure lot was rejected by your firm.  Process capability (e.g., Cpk, Ppk) of each significant step in the manufacturing assembly process for each of your product container-closure systems. Describe the various nonconformities that can occur, including a list of each defect type and its criticality classification, all in-process tests and limits, and maximum tolerances for each defect type.  Other quality criteria used by your fir