WARNING LETTER Hubei Gedian Humanwell Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. MARCS-CMS 725591 — June 03, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: VIA UPS Reference #: 320-26-93 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Dr. Hailin Chen Recipient Title General Manager Hubei Gedian Humanwell Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. No. 25 Juxian Road Gedian Economic Development District Ezhou Shi Hubei Sheng , 436070 China chenhalin@renfu.com.cn Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-93 June 3, 2026 Dear Dr. Chen: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Hubei Gedian Humanwell Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., FEI 3004117486, located at No. 25 Juxian Road, Gedian Economic Development District, Ezhou City, Hubei Province, China, from November 3 to 7, 2025. This warning letter summarizes significant deviations from Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your APIs are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your November 28, 2025 response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigator observed specific deviations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Failure to clean equipment and utensils to prevent contamination or carry-over of a material that would alter the quality of the API beyond the official or other established specifications. Your firm manufactures (b)(4) for the U.S. market. During the inspection, our investigator observed numerous scratches and (b)(4) stains on the interior API-contact surfaces of your (b)(4) vessels, as well as (b)(4) markings on the lid and rim of the (b)(4) of your (b)(4) vessel. These markings and discolored stains indicate that the integrity of the API-contact surfaces is being compromised which can lead to contamination of your API with particulate matter (e.g., (b)(4) particles) or alter the quality of the API via chemical leachable reactions. In your response, you state that compatibility between the equipment product contact surface material of construction and the chemical process, specifically the (b)(4) and the (b)(4) process, is insufficient. You state that the (b)(4) chemicals used in the process weakens the (b)(4) on the (b)(4) surfaces which leads to (b)(4) manifested as (b)(4) stains/discoloration and scratches. You (b)(4) your (b)(4) and (b)(4) the interior walls and plan to perform preventive (b)(4) maintenance (b)(4) . You (b)(4) the (b)(4) markings on the (b)(4) and lid and replaced the (b)(4) gasket sealing the (b)(4) lid. Your response is inadequate because you do not support the frequency of your preventive (b)(4) maintenance schedule with scientific rationale based on your processes’ chemistry. Your response also did not evaluate the reactivity of all interior surfaces of the equipment train with your (b)(4) process. Furthermore, you rationalized that the risk to product quality risk is low based on results of release testing using a qualified method. Your equipment materials of construction are inadequate because your product-contact surfaces may alter the quality of the product in that they were additive, absorptive, or reactive. Inadequately maintained manufacturing equipment can lead to potential contamination that could compromise the quality and safety of your APIs. In response to this letter, provide: Your corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) plan to implement routine, vigilant operations management oversight of facilities and equipment. This plan should ensure, among other things, prompt detection of equipment/facilities performance issues, effective execution of repairs, adherence to appropriate preventive maintenance schedules, timely technological upgrades to the equipment/facility infrastructure, and improved systems for ongoing management review. A retrospective, independent review of all batches within expiry that could have been affected by scratches and discoloration within the (b)(4) vessels introduced as a result of your manufacturing process, including an evaluation of retain samples for elements within your (b)(4) and/or impurities. Include a review of customer complaints for the last three years. A review of all your manufacturing processes to determine whether there is reactivity with all respective product-contact surfaces in your equipment. An evaluation of your process and equipment to determine whether changes will be implemented to remove the risk of foreign material introduced to APIs due to process design and inadequate product contact materials of construction. Include a list of all product contact surfaces exposed to varyi