WARNING LETTER Huons Co., Ltd. MARCS-CMS 724650 — June 15, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Email Return Receipt Requested Reference #: 320-26-95 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Jeong-woo Choo Recipient Title Site Head Huons Co., Ltd. 100 Bio Valley-ro Jecheon-si Chungcheongbuk-do 27159 South Korea Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-95 June 15, 2026 Dear Mr. Choo: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Huons Co., Ltd., FEI 3007163376, located at 100 Bio Valley-ro, Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk, from November 12 to 21, 2025. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your December 15, 2025, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to ensure that laboratory records included complete data derived from all tests necessary to ensure compliance with established specifications and standards (21 CFR 211.194(a)). Your laboratory records lacked complete and original data to support the analyses performed. For example: A. During the inspection, we requested the testing worksheets from the (b)(4) studies you conducted on a compounding tank and its transfer line, which included endotoxin and bioburden tests. Initially, your firm provided only a portion of the data. The following day, your firm’s management informed our investigator of critical breaches in data integrity. The first (b)(4) run failed endotoxin limits, and the second (b)(4) run revealed significant bioburden levels. However, your team leader had instructed staff to discard the bioburden plates with significant growth and had manipulated camera timestamps to create backdated documentation. In addition, the endotoxin failure had not been documented or investigated. B. During the walkthrough of your microbiology laboratories, we found 1,897 blank uncontrolled CGMP-related forms. C. Pages were removed from your logbook and replaced with newly fabricated pages. Your microbiology team leader admitted to using a knife to remove completed pages from the logbook. Logbook pages were then manipulated to look like the originals, and the microbiology team leader instructed the analyst to backdate and omit testing information related to bioburden samples. Your response indicates that multiple personnel involved in data manipulation are no longer employed at your firm, and you have established a data integrity team to help oversee microbiology laboratory data practices. We also acknowledge that you are using an independent third-party consultant to audit your operation and assist in meeting FDA requirements. Your response is inadequate because it does not provide a corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) plan with sufficient actions to systemically implement management oversight and assure data integrity. In your initial response to inspectional findings your firm contracted a third party to perform an assessment to adequately determine the extent of your firm’s data integrity issues. You initially committed to providing the interim and final reports of this assessment. However, you later informed the FDA that this document would be classified as an “internal audit”, and that reports would not be provided. The agency disagrees with your characterization of this assessment as an internal audit. This investigative assessment was initiated in response to FDA inspectional findings relayed by our investigators to your firm, and not part of a routine evaluation per a written quality assurance program. This assessment is part of the comprehensive investigation you initiated in response to FDA inspectional findings covered under 21 CFR parts 211.192 and 211.22 and therefore is subject to routine FDA review. As part of this investigative assessment, your third party conducted interviews of staff regarding data integrity issues, and your firm provided these interviews as evidence in your initial response. Furthermore, your correspondence indicates that data integrity issues extend beyond your microbiology laboratory and include recurring data integrity issues with total organic carbon testing (TOC) in the physical chemistry testing lab in the past. The agency expects full transparency throughout your remediation process. The events associated with these inspectional findings necessitate a comprehensive investigation and remediation process, including third-party assistance. All CGMP-related issues identified in the course of these retrospective assessments remain within the scope of quality unit’s investigation and are subject to review by the FDA. Integrity of data is fundamentally compromised when there is a failure to record or maintain complete and accurate records of test results or conditions associated with testing. Furthermore, the lack of reliable data compromises the quality unit’s ability to exercise its function of ensuring compliance with applicable standards. Your quality system did not adequately ensure the accuracy and integrity of data to support the safety, effectiveness, and quality of the drugs you manufacture. See FDA’s guidance document Data Integrity and Compliance With Drug CGMP for guidance on establishing and following CGMP compliant data integrity practices at https://www.fda.gov/regulatory-information/search-fda-guidance-documents/data-integrity-and-compliance-drug-cgmp-questions-and-answers. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive investigation into the extent of the inaccuracies and inconsistencies in data, records, and reporting. Your investigation should include: o A detailed investigation protocol and methodology; a summary of all laboratories, manufacturing operations, and systems to be covered by the assessment; and a justification for any part of your operation that you propose to exclude. o Interviews of current and former employees to identify the nature, scope, and root cause of data inconsistencies and inaccuracies. We recommend that these interviews be conducted by a qualified third party. o An assessment of the extent of data integrity deficiencies at your facility. Identify omissions, alterations, deletions, record destruction, non-contemporaneous record completion, and other deficiencies. Describe all parts of your facility’s operations in which you discovered data integrity deviations. o A comprehensive retrospective evaluation of the nature of the testing/manufacturing/other data integrity deficiencies. We recommend that a qualified third party with specific expertise in the area where potential breaches were identified should evaluate all occurrences of data integrity deviations. A current risk assessment of the potential effects of the observed failures on the quality of your drugs. Your assessment should include analyses of the risks to patients caused by the release of drugs affected by data integrity deviations and analyses of the risks posed by ongoing operations. A management strategy for your firm that includes the details of your global corrective action and preventive action plan. Your strategy should include: o A detailed corrective action plan that describes how you intend to ensure the reliability and completeness of all data, including analytical data, manufacturing records, and all data submitted to FDA. o A comprehensive description of the root causes of your data integrity deviations including evidence that the scope and depth of the current action plan is commensurate with the findings of the investigation and risk assessment. Indicate whether individuals responsible for data integrity deviations remain able to influence CGMP-related or drug application data at your firm. o Interim measures describing the actions you have taken or will take to protect patients and to ensure the quality of your drugs, such as notifying your customers, recalling product, conducting additional testing, adding lots to your stability programs to assure stability, drug application actions, and enhanced complaint monitoring. o Long-term measures describing any remediation efforts and enhancements to procedures, processes, methods, controls, systems, management oversight, and human resources (e.g., training, staffing improvements) designed to ensure the integrity of your company’s data. o A commitment to have a qualified consultant conduct extensive annual audits, for at least two years, to assist in evaluating CAPA effectiveness after you have executed your data integrity remediation protocol. o Contract with a third party to be physically present in the microbiology lab to oversee sampling and analysis of drug products for the U.S. Market. Ensure full implementation of photographic evidence using electronic controls (e.g., audit trails, preventing photo manipulation) to support all results obtained. o Inform FDA if you will be hiring a Chief Integrity Officer who is fully empowered to receive anonymous complaints from employees reporting data integrity concerns and with the authority to ensure any potential breach is promptly investigated (by independent quality assurance function, along with expertise from outside entities whenever needed. o A status report for any of the above activities already underway or completed. 2. Your firm failed to thoroughly investigat