WARNING LETTER International Medication Systems Limited MARCS-CMS 727560 — July 02, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: VIA Electronic Mail Reference #: 320-26-99 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Dr. Jack Y. Zhang Recipient Title Chief Executive Officer International Medication Systems Limited 1886 Santa Anita Avenue South El Monte , CA 91733 United States Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-99 July 2, 2026 Dear Dr. Zhang: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, International Medication System Limited, FEI 2016148, at 1886 Santa Anita Avenue, South El Monte, from December 9 to 19, 2025. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your January 15, 2026, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to thoroughly investigate any unexplained discrepancy or failure of a batch or any of its components to meet any of its specifications, whether or not the batch has already been distributed (21 CFR 211.192). Your firm manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients and sterile injectable drug products. The sterile injectable products include aseptically filled (b)(4) . Your firm failed to conduct adequate investigations. For example, you inadequately investigated multiple too-numerous-to-count (TNTC) microbial findings during the manufacture of epinephrine injection, lot EA038A5. Specifically, a viable air environmental monitoring plate, located next to the (b)(4) in your ISO 5 aseptic filling area, yielded a too-numerous-to-count result with confluent bacterial growth and numerous insect larvae. On the same day, personnel monitoring plates for an individual in the adjacent ISO 7 (b)(4) also yielded TNTC results and contained insect larvae. Your investigation failed to identify a scientifically-supported root cause, instead attributing these exceedingly high environmental monitoring findings to an unsubstantiated hypothesis involving insect infiltration of sealed monitoring plates. Notably, written procedures require inspection of plates before use to ensure they are not contaminated or defective, and also require very strict handling measures following sampling (e.g., (b)(4) bags, sterile tape). The microbiological growth media batch also passed negative control testing. Although your deviation report lacked evidence of defects or sampling error, you assessed the contamination risk as “low” based on overreliance on passing sterility test results, and the quality unit approved the release of epinephrine injection, lot EA038A5. The presence of insect larvae and gross microbial contamination in your aseptic processing area demonstrates a critical failure of your contamination control program. The decision to release a lot manufactured under these conditions also demonstrates that your quality unit failed to exercise its responsibility to ensure drug products are manufactured under appropriate conditions and to reject any lot produced under conditions that compromise its quality. In your response, you reiterate that your investigation concluded the contamination was “post-exposure adventitious contamination external to the filling suite,” based on mostly acceptable environmental monitoring data in other locations that day. Using this rationale, you determined the two environmental contamination events were isolated incidents and the risk to the product was low. You also determined that no corrective actions were needed. Your response is inadequate. Your investigation outcome based on a “post-exposure” hypothesis remains poorly supported by data. The occurrence of two severe contamination events on the same day in adjacent rooms indicates a significant breakdown in contamination control. Additionally, your failure to implement corrective actions reflects a critical deficiency in your investigation and indicates inadequate oversight of the state of control of the aseptic processing operation. We also note that, between March 2021 and March 2026, your firm filed three field alert reports for contamination issues with sterile (b)(4) drug products. Since December 2023, you received over 90 customer complaints, many related to container-closure deficiencies such as glass breakage/vial cracking, (b)(4) . Many of your investigations were closed without identifying a root cause. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive, third-party assessment of your overall system for investigating deviations, discrepancies, complaints, OOS results, out-of-limit results, and failures. Provide a detailed action plan to remediate this system. Your action plan should include, but not be limited to, significant improvements in investigation competencies, scope determination, root cause evaluation, corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) effectiveness, quality unit oversight, and written procedures. Address how your firm will ensure all phases of investigations are appropriately conducted. A third-party assessment and remediation plan for your CAPA program. Provide a report that evaluates whether the program includes effective root cause analysis, ensures CAPA effectiveness, analyzes investigations trends, improves the CAPA program when needed, implements final quality unit decisions, and is fully supported by executive management. A comprehensive, independent review and update of all field alert reports and customer complaints for drug products within expiry, including scientifically sound root cause analyses, corrective actions implemented, and timelines for completion of the investigations. This review should include, where applicable, re-investigation of all complaints involving potential contamination and container-closure deficiencies. Include documentation of all investigative steps taken, potential root causes considered and those systematically ruled out, and any interim controls or preventive measures implemented. Include your corrective action plan based on this in-depth review and trend analysis. A comprehensive, third-party assessment and remediation plan for your pest control program. The assessment should include, but not be limited to, a review of facility design and maintenance, effectiveness of monitoring program, investigation procedures, historical findings, and personnel training. 2. Your firm failed to perform operations within specifically defined areas of adequate size and to have separate or defined areas or such other control systems necessary to prevent contamination or mix-ups in aseptic processing areas. Your firm also failed to establish and follow appropriate written procedures that are designed to prevent microbiological contamination of drug products purporting to be sterile and that include validation of all aseptic and sterilization processes (21 CFR 211.42(c)(10) and 21 CFR 211.113(b)). Your firm’s aseptic processing lines and operations were inadequately designed, controlled, and monitored to prevent microbiological contamination. Your firm refers to your aseptic processing lines as restricted access barrier systems (RABS). However, your equipment lacks fundamental design elements of a RABS, including (b)(4) . Without this basic feature, as well as other design provisions, your processing lines cannot be categorized as RABS. In addition to (b)(4) , RABS include various design elements that are essential for minimizing or eliminating direct gowned personnel interventions ( (b)(4) interactions) into the critical (ISO 5) area during batch manufacturing. Your current process requires an operator to stand within a (b)(4) ISO 5 area. The operator manually cuts open numerous (e.g., approximately (b)(4) ) stopper bags per batch and transfers stoppers using a (b)(4) scoop. These manually-intensive interventions pose a significant and repeated risk of microbial contamination. Despite the critical nature of this activity, your firm failed to conduct environmental monitoring in this area to evaluate its impact on the aseptic environment. This represents a serious gap in environmental control oversight. Your firm also failed to adequately evaluate unidirectional airflow in the critical area, as the smoke studies conducted were fundamentally flawed. The placement and movement of the wand as well as other factors precluded meaningful assessment of airflow directionality. The design of your aseptic filling line presents inherent contamination risks that are exacerbated by inadequate controls. These conditions are insufficient to ensure robust aseptic production of sterile drug products. In your response, you state that you added a new environmental monitoring location in the (b)(4) area and conducted airflow studies in the ISO 5 (b)(4) area. You claim that operator movement has “no impact to 1st air, maintaining unidirectional airflow and minimal turbulence.” You also propose a long-term plan to upgrade the facility within two years, including upgrading the adjacent (b)(4) to ISO 5. Your response is inadequate. Your proposal does not address the fundamental design flaws of your aseptic processing lines, as the primary contamination risks stem from extensive manual interventions within the ISO 5 processing area itself. Additionally, a long-term plan to upgrade the facility in two years is inadequate because it does not add