WARNING LETTER Pharmathen International S.A. MARCS-CMS 723680 — May 27, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Email Return Receipt Requested Reference #: 320-26-80 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. John Pius Nason Recipient Title Group CEO Pharmathen International S.A. 44 Kifissias Ave. 15125 Marousi Attica Greece Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-80 May 27, 2026 Dear Mr. Nason: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Pharmathen International S.A., FEI 3009961173, at Industrial Park, Sapes Rodopi Prefecture, Block No 5 Rodopi, Evrou, Greece, from November 10 to 21, 2025. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your December 15, 2025, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to follow appropriate written procedures that are designed to prevent microbiological contamination of drug products purporting to be sterile and that include validation of all aseptic and sterilization processes (21 CFR 211.113(b)). The airflow visualization studies (i.e., smoke studies) you performed for the (b)(4) aseptic vial filling line you use to fill sterile powder drug products for the U.S. market did not demonstrate unidirectional airflow. This processing line is housed in an (b)(4) Restricted Access Barrier System ( (b)(4) RABS). For example, during the simulation of the (b)(4) installation, the (b)(4) remained (b)(4) for an extended time. The airflow was observed exiting the filling line area, bouncing off the operator’s chest, and reentering the filling line. This problematic airflow pattern in your (b)(4) RABS creates significant potential for microbial contamination. Notably, our investigators also observed multiples instances of inappropriate aseptic behavior. For example, when removing empty fallen vials, the operator blocked first air, and exposed vials were not discarded. In addition, your smoke studies failed to sufficiently evaluate removal of fallen vials as well as other critical aseptic manipulations. Our inspection also found multiple instances of gram-negative microbes in ISO 5 air samples. It is highly atypical to find gram-negative microbes in an aseptic processing room environment. In one such instance, you attributed the probable cause of gram-negative microbial contamination to room disinfection practices and (b)(4) contamination. It is essential that you thoroughly investigate the recurring identification of gram-negative microbes in your aseptic processing environment to determine the root causes and fully remediate with appropriate actions. Your firm also does not document non-routine interventions in the batch record, nor does it document whether vials are removed due to an intervention. The ISO 5 (Grade A) area is critical because sterile products are exposed during aseptic production and therefore are vulnerable to contamination if operations are not well designed and diligently controlled. Your aseptic processes should be designed, and operations executed, to prevent contamination hazards to your sterile product. Flaws in the design of cleanrooms and aseptic processing lines, or improper execution of operations, can promote influx of contamination into the critical processing area in which sterile drugs are exposed. In your response, you acknowledge the systematic deficiencies we identified through our inspection including deficient airflow visualization and operator interventions. Your risk assessment for the affected products includes recommendations to implement additional training, update procedures, and perform a gap assessment related to aseptic manufacturing processes. Your response is inadequate. Your response does not sufficiently address the inadequate oversight of operators, nor the scope and extent of the poor aseptic practices. It also does not determine their root cause and potential impact on sterile drug products. Your risk assessment does not sufficiently evaluate the inspectional deficiencies and support the needed remediation of the overall aseptic processing operation including, but not limited to, the smoke study program. Smoke studies will be essential to substantively assess whether your remediated operation enables robust unidirectional airflow in the ISO 5 (Grade A) area and is capable of maintaining continuous protection of sterile drug products. In response to this letter, provide the following: A review of past smoke studies by qualified independent consultants with a thorough and comprehensive review of deficiencies in the air flow visualization program and your aseptic processing operations. After you remediate your aseptic operation, provide a summary of updated smoke studies that visualize airflow and critically evaluate unidirectional airflow. A comprehensive, independent risk assessment of all contamination hazards with respect to your aseptic processes, equipment, and facilities, including but not limited to: o All human interactions within the ISO 5 area (e.g., risk reduction or elimination of manual interventions wherever possible) o Suitable cleanroom classifications, appropriate differential pressure limits, and alarm limits, Equipment placement and suitability including ergonomics for each human interaction and sufficient cleanroom space o Air quality in the ISO 5 area and surrounding room including, but not limited to, air volume and flow o Reduction or elimination of aseptic manipulations o Facility layout o Personnel flow and material flow throughout all rooms used to conduct and support sterile operations o Cleaning and disinfection (e.g., use of sterile agents) program o Specific corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) recommendations that will comprehensively address the design and control hazards identified in the risk assessment A detailed remediation plan with timelines to address the findings of the contamination hazards risk assessment. Describe specific tangible comprehensive improvements to be made to aseptic processing operation design and control at your facility and explain how this CAPA plan will robustly remediate your deficient sterile manufacturing operations. Include comprehensive changes to the design of your aseptic processing lines and cleanrooms. Also, describe your plans for qualification and validation of your extensively remediated operations. A comprehensive assessment of documentation systems used throughout your manufacturing and laboratory operations to determine where documentation practices are insufficient including, but not limited to, completeness of batch record entries. Include a detailed CAPA plan that comprehensively remediates your firm’s documentation practices to ensure you retain attributable, legible, complete, original, accurate, contemporaneous (ALCOA) records throughout your operation. 2. Your firm failed to thoroughly investigate any unexplained discrepancy or failure of a batch or any of its components to meet any of its specifications, whether or not the batch has already been distributed (21 CFR 211.192). Your firm did not adequately investigate out-of-specification (OOS) and out-of-limit (OOL) results. Your investigations of sterility failures and significant environmental monitoring excursions lacked adequate scientific rationale to support root causes and implementation of effective CAPA. Your firm did not implement effective CAPA to reduce recurrence of severe contamination hazards including, but not limited to, operator error that had contributed significantly to recurring sterility and media-fill failures over the past five years. For example, your investigation did not include in-depth analysis of the conditions that create the circumstances for human error. It is imperative that you conduct in-depth, root-cause analysis to identify effective CAPA including design remediations. Your firm also failed to investigate failures to meet in-process acceptance criteria for visible particulates. You lacked an adequate investigation for the failure of your (b)(4) injection sterile drug product to meet your visible particulate rejection limit of (b)(4) % of vials. Also, our inspection found a very high visual inspection rejection rate for multiple batches. For example, you rejected approximately (b)(4) % of vials during visual inspection of (b)(4) batch (b)(4) . In your response, you acknowledge the importance of conducting robust sterility failure investigations that include comprehensive root cause analyses and effective CAPA implementation. In particular, you indicate that investigations have not sufficiently addressed the underlying factors contributing to human error in manufacturing operations. However, your proposed CAPAs lack sufficient detail and a description of how effectiveness of these actions will be evaluated. Your response also acknowledges the importance of maintaining a robust visual inspection program that includes routine particle identification and thorough deviation investigations to ensure effective CAPA. You commit to comprehensively evaluating your visual inspection program, assessing the manufacturing process, and identification of particles. You also plan to implement alternative methods to enhance visual inspection of (