WARNING LETTER Shimoga Chemicals MARCS-CMS 727904 — July 13, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: VIA Electronic Mail Reference #: 320-26-101 Product: Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. C. Srinivas Rao Recipient Title Partner Shimoga Chemicals W57A, MIDC, Kupwad Sangli 416436 Maharashtra India Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-101 July 13, 2026 Dear Mr. Rao: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Shimoga Chemicals, FEI 3033881432, at W57A, MIDC, Kupwad, Sangli, Maharashtra, 416436, India, from January 19 to 23, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant deviations from Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your APIs are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your February 10, 2026, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific deviations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Failure to ensure that all specifications, sampling plans, test procedures are scientifically sound and appropriate to ensure that your API conform to established standards of quality and purity. Your firm manufactures the API, clomiphene citrate USP for U.S. distribution, intended for pharmacy compounding. Data Integrity Concerns Your firm failed to establish adequate controls over analytical testing data. Multiple instances of unreported sample injections for related substances and assay testing by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) were not documented in laboratory batch records. For example, clomiphene citrate USP batch CC/005/24-25 had an unreported injection with an out-of-specification (OOS) assay result of (b)(4) % (specification: (b)(4) %); however, the reported injection result of (b)(4) % was documented in the batch record. Additionally, because your firm lacked procedures for electronic data review and your quality unit (QU) did not review the electronic data, this batch was subsequently released and distributed to the U.S. market. Without reliable analytical data, there is no assurance that distributed API batches meet identity, strength, quality, or purity specifications. Your response is inadequate. In your response, you acknowledge undocumented trial injections, unreported analytical data, discarded printouts, and inadequate review of electronic laboratory records. You also commit to a retrospective review of all U.S. batches, including electronic data and documentation. You further mention hiring a third-party data integrity expert. However, your response does not describe a thorough retrospective investigation into the OOS result for batch CC/005/24-25 distributed to the U.S. market. Sampling and Control Procedures Concerns Your firm lacked adequate sampling procedures and records for clomiphene citrate USP in that batch records did not specify appropriate sampling instructions, quantities, or locations. For example, in (b)(4) -batches (b)(4) , the batch records do not specify the sample quantity, the location of sampling, the sampling method, or whether sampling occurred before or after (b)(4) . During the inspection, your production manager stated quality control (QC) samples were collected after (b)(4) the (b)(4) -batches, and samples were routinely collected from arbitrary locations from (b)(4) . Furthermore, your QC manager stated in-process testing occurred only when the owner provided samples. Without defined and documented sampling instructions, testing results may be unreliable to confirm batch-to-batch quality or to detect manufacturing failures. Your response is inadequate. You do not describe an adequate sampling program or an evaluation of the impact of inadequate sampling. Method Verification Concerns Your firm did not perform verification studies for any test methods, including but not limited to identification, related substances by HPLC, residual solvent, and assay by HPLC for clomiphene citrate USP. For example, your firm failed to verify the residual solvent method used by your contract testing laboratory. Additionally, during the inspection, your QC manager confirmed that no method verification has been performed for any of the test methods used for clomiphene citrate USP. Unverified test methods may not accurately measure product quality attributes, and failing results may go undetected. Your response is inadequate. In your response, you state you will validate your test methods and you will create a new procedure that ensures future methods will be validated. However, you do not discuss retrospective retain sample testing using appropriately verified methods by a qualified third-party laboratory. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive, independent assessment of your laboratory practices, procedures, methods, equipment, documentation, and analyst competencies. Based on this review, provide a detailed plan to remediate and evaluate the effectiveness of your laboratory system. A retrospective, independent review of all invalidated OOS (including in-process and release/stability testing) results for U.S. API for the last three years from the initial date of inspection, and a report summarizing the findings of the analysis, including the following for each OOS: o Determine whether the scientific justification and evidence relating to the invalidated OOS result conclusively or inconclusively demonstrates causative laboratory error. o For investigations that conclusively establish laboratory root cause, provide rationale and ensure that all other laboratory methods vulnerable to the same or similar root cause are identified for remediation. o For all OOS results with inconclusive or no root cause identified in the laboratory, include a thorough review of production (e.g., batch manufacturing records, adequacy of manufacturing steps, suitability of equipment/facilities, variability of raw materials, process capability, deviation history, complaint history, batch failure history). Provide a summary of potential manufacturing root causes for each investigation, and any manufacturing operation improvements. A comprehensive review and remediation plan for your OOS result investigation systems. The corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) should include but not be limited to addressing the following: o QU oversight of laboratory investigations o Identification of adverse laboratory control trends o Resolution of causes of laboratory variation o Initiation of thorough investigations of potential manufacturing causes, whenever a laboratory cause cannot be conclusively identified o Adequate scoping of each investigation and its CAPA o Revised OOS investigation procedures with these and other remediations A comprehensive, independent assessment of your in-process monitoring and sampling operations, focusing on each upstream process step that can introduce variability. Provide your remediation plan to improve: (1) in-process detection of variation, (2) upstream controls, and (3) sampling plans. Improved in-process testing and monitoring to enhance detection of variation during production of each batch. Include remediated in-process quality standards, including but not limited to enhanced sampling, that will more robustly monitor upstream process control. Describe how the improvements will ensure early detection of process variation and manufacturing defects, and prevent consumer exposure to substandard quality drug products. 2. Failure to demonstrate that your manufacturing process can reproducibly manufacture an API meeting its predetermined quality attributes. Inadequate Process Validation Your firm failed to establish adequate process validation for clomiphene citrate USP and its key starting materials. Your process validation reports do not accurately reflect actual manufacturing practices. For example, your validation reports fail to address the (b)(4) operation. Also, your validations do not address routine hold times. For example, (b)(4) batch (b)(4) was stored for approximately (b)(4) without defined hold-time limits or supporting studies. Process validation evaluates the soundness of design and state of control of a process throughout its lifecycle. Each significant stage of a manufacturing process must be designed appropriately and assure the quality of raw material inputs, in-process materials, and finished drugs. Process qualification studies include intensive monitoring and testing throughout each significant process stage to characterize intra-batch variation and to evaluate batches to determine whether an initial state of control has been established. See FDA’s guidance document Process Validation: General Principles and Practices for general principles and approaches that FDA considers appropriate elements of process validation at https://www.fda.gov/media/71021/download. Successful process qualification studies are necessary before commercial distribution. Thereafter, ongoing vigilant oversight of process performance and product quality is necessary to ensure you maintain a stable manufacturing operation throughout the product lifecycle. Your response is inadequate. You acknowledge the lack of appropriate process validation, and you commit to initiating validation protocols. You also state that a retrospective batch record review has been initiated for all clomiphene citrate USP batches shipped to the U.S. market. However, your response lacks sufficient details to determine whether your response is adequate. Specifically, you have not defined the scope of your record review, the acceptan