WARNING LETTER Spa De Soleil, Inc. MARCS-CMS 728508 — July 08, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: VIA UPS Reference #: 320-26-100 Product: Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Ms. Rena Revivo Recipient Title Owner Spa De Soleil, Inc. 10443 Arminta Street Sun Valley , CA 91352-4109 United States Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-100 July 8, 2026 Dear Ms. Revivo: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Spa De Soleil, Inc., FEI 3003876848, at 10443 Arminta Street, Sun Valley, from January 20 to 26, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your February 6, 2026 response to our Form FDA 483 in detail. Your response is inadequate because you failed to provide supporting documentation for evaluation or adequate evidence of corrective actions taken to bring your operations into compliance with CGMP. During our inspection, our investigator observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to thoroughly investigate any unexplained discrepancy or failure of a batch or any of its components to meet any of its specifications, whether or not the batch has already been distributed (21 CFR 211.192). You failed to adequately investigate multiple microbiological out-of-limit (OOL) and chemical out-of-specification (OOS) results from testing the water you used to manufacture over-the-counter (OTC) (b)(4) drug products, including (b)(4) and (b)(4) . For example, from May 2024 through July 2025, you did not adequately investigate 51 OOL/OOS results from testing your (b)(4) . These included results for conductivity and total organic carbon testing that exceeded specifications, as well as the recovery of gram-negative microorganisms from multiple points of use. Your investigations did not include identification of the recovered microorganisms (e.g., genus, species). You resampled and retested the (b)(4) for microbiological quality to obtain passing results and continued to use the (b)(4) . Following an OOL recovery, you also placed certain point-of-use valves on hold until you obtained a passing result. However, this practice did not prevent you from using other valves on the same system. Microbiological recoveries from a (b)(4) system are not uniform, and results obtained at any point in the system can be an indicator of the quality of (b)(4) in the system as a whole. Your identified corrective actions did not adequately prevent the use of (b)(4) with potentially objectionable microbial contamination in the manufacture of your drug products. Furthermore, your (b)(4) system was not adequately designed or maintained, which could foster the development of biofilms. Specifically, your (b)(4) system included non-sanitary components such as dead legs, threaded fittings, Teflon tape, and ball valves. You also did not demonstrate that you adequately monitored your (b)(4) system to ensure it consistently produced (b)(4) that met appropriate chemical and microbial attributes. For instance, your sampling frequencies were not reflective of batch production schedules. In your response, you did not provide any supporting documentation, including details of your corrective actions to ensure that future OOS/OOL investigations will be adequate in scope and include root cause determination. You also did not provide a comprehensive review of potentially affected drug products. You state that your historical review of OOS/OOL events from your (b)(4) system determined that no adverse impact to drug product quality or safety was identified. This retrospective investigation failed to identify adequate corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) plans. You do not commit to changes in monitoring frequency (e.g., reflective of batch production) or identifying and quantifying recovered microorganisms during routine monitoring of your water system. You also fail to consider how fundamental flaws in design, control and maintenance of your (b)(4) system may contribute to the OOS/OOL results. Your CAPA plan is not sufficient to ensure that your (b)(4) system produces (b)(4) suitable for use in OTC drug products. (b)(4) must be suitable for its intended use and routinely tested to ensure ongoing conformance with appropriate chemical and microbiological attributes. Routine monitoring of microbial counts and identity of contamination in the system is integral to ensuring oversight of the ongoing state of control and suitability of (b)(4) for use in pharmaceutical manufacturing operations. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive review and remediation plan for your OOS and OOL result investigation systems. The CAPA should include but not be limited to addressing the following: o Quality unit oversight of laboratory investigations o Identification of adverse laboratory control trends o Resolution of causes of laboratory variation o Initiation of thorough investigations of potential manufacturing causes whenever a laboratory cause cannot be conclusively identified o Adequate scoping of each investigation and its CAPA o Revised OOS investigation procedures with these and other remediations o A similar review and remediation of your system for handling OOL findings (i.e., data that fall outside action limits) A comprehensive remediation plan for the design, control, and maintenance of the (b)(4) system. o Provide a comprehensive evaluation of vulnerabilities of your (b)(4) system design and control, and summarize all deficiencies found in the system. The summary should, at minimum, describe various system characteristics that were assessed for adequacy (system temperature, materials of construction, slope, any identified dead-legs, any stagnant locations, any unsanitary fittings, flow velocity, etc.) o Provide a validation report for the water system obtained after all identified design issues have been fully corrected and any maintenance repairs have been completed. Include the system validation protocol, the complete test results, and the final validation report. Your total microbial count limits to monitor whether this system is producing (b)(4) suitable for the intended uses for each of your drug products. A detailed risk assessment addressing the potential effects of the observed (b)(4) system failures on the quality of all drug product lots currently in U.S. distribution or within expiry. Specify actions that you will take in response to the risk assessment, such as customer notifications and drug product recalls. 2. Your firm failed to conduct at least one test to verify the identity of each component of a drug product. Your firm also failed to validate and establish the reliability of your component supplier’s test analyses at appropriate intervals (21 CFR 211.84(d)(1) and 211.84(d)(2)). You failed to perform adequate identity testing on each shipment of each lot of incoming components (e.g., (b)(4) ) used in the manufacture of your OTC topical drug products. In addition, you relied on your suppliers’ certificates of analysis (COA) without establishing the reliability of your component suppliers’ test analyses at appropriate intervals. Products Containing (b)(4) You failed to adequately test your incoming component (b)(4) at risk of methanol contamination for identity before using it as an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) in manufacturing your OTC topical drug products. The use of (b)(4) contaminated with methanol has resulted in various lethal poisoning incidents in humans worldwide. See FDA’s guidance document (b)(4) to help you meet the CGMP requirements when manufacturing drugs containing (b)(4). Furthermore, you failed to demonstrate that the component (b)(4) you used to manufacture your (b)(4) drug products meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) monograph specifications or is of adequate quality for its intended use. Products Containing Ingredients at Risk for Diethylene Glycol or Ethylene Glycol Contamination You also failed to adequately test your incoming components at high risk of diethylene glycol (DEG) or ethylene glycol (EG) contamination for identity before using them to manufacture your drug products. This includes, but is not limited to, testing glycerin to determine its appropriate identity prior to use in manufacturing your OTC topical drug products. Identity testing for glycerin and certain other high-risk drug components includes a limit test in the USP to ensure the component meets the relevant safety limits for DEG or EG levels. Because you did not perform identity testing on each shipment of each lot using the USP identification test that detects these hazardous impurities, you failed to assure the acceptability of these components for use in the manufacture of your drug products. The use of ingredients contaminated with DEG or EG has resulted in various lethal poisoning incidents in humans worldwide. See FDA’s guidance document Testing of Glycerin, Propylene Glycol, Maltitol Solution, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Sorbitol Solution, and Other High-Risk Drug Components for Diethylene Glycol and Ethylene Glycol to help you meet the CGMP requirements when manufacturing drugs containing ingredients at high-risk for DEG or EG contamination at https://www.fda.gov/media/167974/download. In your response, you state that your new standard operating procedures require identity and purity testing 