WARNING LETTER Wizcure Pharmaa Private Limited MARCS-CMS 726378 — June 24, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: Via Electronic Mail - Return Receipt Requested Reference #: 320-26-97 Product: Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Ashish Arun Dange Recipient Title Managing Director Wizcure Pharmaa Private Limited PGN 02-1403, Emaar Palm Gardens Sector 83 Gurgaon 122004 Haryana India Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-97 June 24, 2026 Dear Mr. Dange: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Wizcure Pharmaa Private Limited, 3030304532, located at H-881, Phase III, RIICO Industrial Area Bhiwadi, Rajasthan, India, from December 3 to 10, 2025. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your December 30, 2025, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigators observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to ensure that laboratory records included complete data derived from all tests necessary to ensure compliance with established specifications and standards (21 CFR 211.194(a)). You lacked complete and original laboratory data demonstrating that the required testing was performed. For example, our investigator observed (b)(4) personnel monitoring microbial plates in your laboratory incubator with visible microbial growth. The next day, our investigator observed microbial plates with the same identification information with no growth. Both management and a microbiologist confirmed that the original microbial plates were discarded and replaced with new plates. This false data misrepresented the ISO 5 environmental conditions of your aseptic processing line. Additionally, our inspection found that you frequently failed to collect environmental monitoring, personnel monitoring, and (b)(4) samples, as required by your procedure. For example, personnel monitoring contact plates were not collected on November 29, 2025, during the manufacturing of (b)(4) solution USP (b)(4) batches (b)(4) and (b)(4) . We also identified critical discrepancies in your sample test results. We found that you failed to reliably incubate samples and record accurate microbial counts. For example, our inspection repeatedly found unreliable and incorrect microbiology data, including, but not limited to, environmental monitoring samples. In addition, we identified other significant discrepancies in sample description, identification, and reconcilability. Our investigators also found laboratory forms were pre-filled with microbial testing information (e.g., sterility and (b)(4) testing results), further demonstrating untrustworthy documentation. Significantly, when your firm actually obtained environmental monitoring samples and we closely tracked the plates during our inspection, we noted several instances in which microbial contamination was present in your ISO 5 processing environment. Our inspectional findings indicate serious recurring data integrity breaches in your laboratory relating to critical microbiological tests and monitoring. Microbial monitoring and testing are essential quality control steps that are integral in preventing distribution of unsafe products. Such programs provide critical information on the state of control of the aseptic processing operation. Substitution of unreliable or false results fundamentally compromises a facility’s ability to identify risks to product sterility. In your response, you acknowledge confirmation of these data integrity breaches based on interviews with personnel and review of documentation. Your firm suspended manufacturing and has initiated a protocol-driven remediation program. Your firm has also engaged an independent third-party consultant to help with a comprehensive investigation and identification of corrective actions and preventive actions (CAPA). Your response is inadequate. While you acknowledge the systemic nature of your data integrity problems and have initiated an investigation, your response does not sufficiently address organizational causes of the observed data integrity practice. For example, you do not provide evidence that your quality unit organization has the resources and expertise to perform its function, including detecting deviations relating to data integrity and sterile drug operations. Your quality system does not adequately ensure the accuracy and integrity of data to support the safety, effectiveness, and quality of the drugs you manufacture. See FDA’s guidance document Data Integrity and Compliance With Drug CGMP for guidance on establishing and following CGMP compliant data integrity practices at https://www.fda.gov/regulatory-information/search-fda-guidance-documents/data-integrity-and-compliance-drug-cgmp-questions-and-answers. In response to this letter, provide: • A comprehensive, independent assessment of your laboratory practices, procedures, methods, equipment, documentation, and analyst competencies. Based on this review, provide a detailed plan to remediate and evaluate the effectiveness of your laboratory system. • A comprehensive, independent assessment of documentation systems used throughout your manufacturing and laboratory operations to determine where documentation practices are insufficient. Include a detailed CAPA plan that comprehensively remediates your firm’s documentation practices to ensure you retain contemporaneous, attributable, legible, complete, original, and accurate records throughout your operation. • A current risk assessment of the potential effects of the observed failures on the quality of your drugs. Your assessment should include analyses of the risks to patients caused by the release of drugs affected by a data integrity deviation and analyses of the risks posed by ongoing operations. • A comprehensive CAPA, overseen by a qualified consultant, for handling microbiological sampling media to ensure robust and reliable data. Establish a system that ensures uninterrupted custody and full reconciliation of all microbiological samples including, but not limited to: o unique labeling of each sample o signatures of all staff who handle the sample o complete tracking of sample integrity and custody o date and time of each activity (e.g., sample collection, transport, delivery, incubation, removal from incubator) o digital time-stamped photos of all plates o signatures of personnel performing reading of microbial counts o provisions for verifications and routine quality assurance oversight. • An independent assessment and remediation plan for your CAPA program. Provide a report that evaluates whether the program includes effective root cause analysis, ensures CAPA effectiveness, analyzes investigations trends, improves the CAPA program whenever needed, ensures final quality unit decision authority, and is fully supported by executive management. • An independent review of your microbial effectiveness testing program, including assuring that all multi-use products are evaluated using sound microbial effectiveness study protocols and that each formulation is suitable throughout its use period. 2. Your firm failed to perform operations within specifically defined areas of adequate size and to have separate or defined areas or such other control systems necessary to prevent contamination or mix-ups in aseptic processing areas (21 CFR 211.42(c)(10). Your aseptic manufacturing filling line used to produce over-the-counter (OTC) sterile drug products is inadequate. For example, the inspection documented that your filling line has no physical barrier separating and protecting your ISO 5 (Grade A) aseptic filling line from the surrounding ISO 7 (Grade B) room and its personnel. The absence of a physical barrier separating the ISO 5 (Grade A) filling zone from the ISO 7 (Grade B) surrounding environment creates an unacceptable risk to product sterility. Furthermore, several equipment parts in direct contact with drug product, containers, and closures were not sterilized. It is essential that the ISO 5 (Grade A) environment continuously maintains an extremely high level of air cleanliness to protect the exposed sterile drug product from contamination. Without proper physical separation, the integrity of the aseptic processing environment cannot be reliably maintained as air currents, personnel movement, and other variables in the less-controlled ISO 7 space can directly convey contamination into the ISO 5 zone. In addition, to ensure sterility, it is imperative that only sterile equipment comes into direct contact with the sterile formulation, containers, and closures. Your aseptic processing room also had inadequate space to accommodate appropriate ergonomics, personnel flow, and material flow. Our inspection also found that your processing equipment was in poor state of repair, as detailed later in this letter. Finally, you lacked a meaningful environmental monitoring (e.g., critical surfaces, viable air) and personnel monitoring program for your aseptic processing line. Aseptic manufacturing processes operations must be performed in specifically defined areas of adequate size and vigilantly monitored to promptly identify microbial hazards before there is a non-sterility consequence. In your response, you commit to replacing your (b)(4) 