WARNING LETTER Woodbine Products Company Inc. MARCS-CMS 729345 — July 27, 2026 More Warning Letters Warning Letters About Warning and Close-Out Letters Delivery Method: VIA UPS Reference #: 320-26-107 Product: Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Recipient: Recipient Name Mr. Stephen A. Kuzyk Jr. Recipient Title Secretary Treasurer Woodbine Products Company Inc. 915 W. Smith Road Medina , OH 44256-2446 United States Issuing Office: Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) United States Warning Letter 320-26-107 July 27, 2026 Dear Mr. Kuzyk: The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspected your drug manufacturing facility, Woodbine Products Company Inc., FEI 1519202, at 915 W. Smith Road, Medina, from February 9 to 13, 2026. This warning letter summarizes significant violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) regulations for finished pharmaceuticals. See Title 21 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 210 and 211 (21 CFR parts 210 and 211). Because your methods, facilities, or controls for manufacturing, processing, packing, or holding do not conform to CGMP, your drug products are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&amp;C Act), 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B). We reviewed your March 5, 2026, response to our Form FDA 483 in detail and acknowledge receipt of your subsequent correspondence. During our inspection, our investigator observed specific violations including, but not limited to, the following. 1. Your firm failed to conduct at least one test to verify the identity of each component of a drug product (21 CFR 211.84(d)(1)). Your firm manufactures over-the-counter (OTC) (b)(4) drug products such as (b)(4) and ethanol- (b)(4) . You failed to perform adequate identity testing on each shipment of each lot of incoming components (e.g., glycerin, propylene glycol, ethanol) used in the manufacture of your OTC (b)(4) drug products. Moreover, you used nonpharmaceutical-grade propylene glycol to manufacture your drug products. Products Containing Ingredients at Risk for Diethylene Glycol or Ethylene Glycol (DEG or EG) Contamination You also failed to adequately test your incoming components at high risk of DEG or EG contamination for identity before using them to manufacture your drug products. This includes, but is not limited to, testing of glycerin to determine its appropriate identity before using it in manufacturing your OTC topical drug products. The use of ingredients contaminated with DEG or EG has resulted in various lethal poisoning incidents in humans worldwide. See FDA’s guidance document Testing of Glycerin, Propylene Glycol, Maltitol Solution, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Sorbitol Solution, and Other High-Risk Drug Components for Diethylene Glycol and Ethylene Glycol to help you meet the CGMP requirements when manufacturing drugs containing ingredients at high-risk for DEG or EG contamination at https://www.fda.gov/media/167974/download. Identity testing for glycerin and certain other high-risk drug components includes a limit test in the United States Pharmacopoeia (USP) to ensure that the component meets the relevant safety limits for DEG or EG levels. Because you did not perform identity testing on each shipment of each lot using the USP identification test that detects these hazardous impurities, you failed to ensure the acceptability of these components for use in the manufacture of your drug products. Products Containing Ethanol You manufacture multiple drugs that contain ethanol. You failed to adequately test your incoming component ethanol for methanol. Additionally, you failed to demonstrate that the component alcohol, used to manufacture your drug products, met USP monograph specifications including those for impurities (e.g., acetaldehyde, benzene). The use of ethanol contaminated with methanol has resulted in various lethal poisoning incidents in humans worldwide. See FDA’s guidance document Policy for Testing of Alcohol (Ethanol) and Isopropyl Alcohol for Methanol at https://www.fda.gov/media/173005/download. In your response, you state that you tested retain samples of nine propylene glycol lots for DEG/EG contamination and that samples of three lots were not available. You also state that in the future, you will conduct all USP identity and impurity tests for propylene glycol and glycerin. Your response is inadequate because you do not provide procedural controls to demonstrate adequate identification testing of your components. Also, your response does not investigate the use of nonpharmaceutical-grade components, nor does it evaluate the impact of improperly tested components to drug products on the market. Without adequate testing, you do not have scientific evidence that the components conform to the appropriate specifications before their use in the manufacture of your drug products. You are responsible for sampling, testing, and examining drug components before their use in production to ensure that acceptable quality parameters are met. In response to this letter, provide: A comprehensive, independent review of your material system to determine whether all suppliers of components, containers, and closures are each qualified and the materials are assigned appropriate expiration or retest dates. The review should also determine whether incoming material controls are adequate to prevent use of unsuitable components, containers, and closures. A summary of the adequacy of your supplier qualification program and its selection, qualification, and disqualification provisions. The review should include a corrective action and preventive action (CAPA) plan to remediate the vendor qualification program and prevent use of unsuitable components, containers, and closures. A summary of results obtained from testing all components to evaluate the reliability of the certificate of analysis (COA) from each component manufacturer. Include your standard operating procedure (SOP) that describes this COA validation program. A description of how you will test each component lot for conformity with all appropriate specifications for identity, strength, quality, and purity. If you intend to accept any results from your supplier’s COA instead of testing each component lot for strength, quality, and purity, specify how you will robustly establish the reliability of your supplier’s results through initial validation as well as periodic revalidation. In addition, include a commitment to always conduct at least one specific identity test for each incoming component lot. In the case of alcohol (ethanol), glycerin, propylene glycol, and certain additional high-risk components, we note that this includes the performance of parts A, B, and C of the USP monograph. The chemical quality control specifications you use to test each incoming lot of high-risk drug components to determine acceptability for use in manufacturing. A commitment to provide DEG and EG test results, no later than 30 calendar days from the date of this letter, from testing retains of all implicated finished drug product batches in which a retain of a high-risk drug component lot is unavailable for the presence of DEG and EG. A full risk assessment for drug products that are within expiry which contain any ingredient at risk for DEG or EG contamination including, but not limited to, glycerin. Take prompt and appropriate actions to determine the safety of all lots of the components and any related drug product that could contain DEG or EG, including customer notifications and product recalls for any contaminated lots. Identify additional appropriate CAPA that secure supply chains in the future, including, but not limited to, ensuring that all incoming raw material lots are from fully qualified manufacturers and free from unsafe impurities. Detail these actions in your response to this letter. For manufactured drug products within expiry, a commitment to provide, no later than 30 calendar days from the date of this letter, results from testing retains for all lots of alcohol components, including organic impurities. Alternatively, if a retain of a component lot is unavailable, perform retain sample testing of all implicated finished drug product batches. 2. Your firm failed to establish adequate written procedures for production and process control designed to assure that the drug products you manufacture have the identity, strength, quality, and purity they purport or are represented to possess (21 CFR 211.100(a)). Your firm failed to adequately validate the processes used to manufacture your OTC drug products. You have not performed process performance qualification (PPQ) studies, nor do you have an adequate ongoing program for monitoring process control to ensure stable manufacturing operations and consistent drug quality. Your firm also failed to validate your cleaning processes for non-dedicated equipment used to manufacture your OTC drug products. In your response, you state that you will conduct cleaning validation on shared equipment and process validation on three batches of each drug formulation. Your response is inadequate because you failed to provide your interim plans until your corrective actions are completed. You also did not conduct a risk assessment to evaluate the impact of manufacturing with unvalidated processes, nor did you provide an action plan to address any drug product quality or safety risk for batches already distributed to the U.S. market. Process validation evaluates the soundness of design and state of control of a process throughout its lifecycle. Each significant stage of a manufacturing process must be designed appropriately and assure the quality of raw material inputs, in-process materials, and finished drugs. Process qualification studies include intensive monitoring and testing throughout each significant process stage to characterize intra-batch variation and evaluate batches to determine whether an initial state of co